DOCSP-50315 Java 5.6 release notes SDAM error mesesage (#118)
10gen/docs-shared: dbx/jvm/v5.6-wn-items.rst

> - Adds two new :ref:`SDAM error messages
>   <https://github.com/W-A-James/specifications/blob/4b8516dbec060923235bb7d75f9c7f85d9a9c939/source/server-discovery-and-monitoring/server-discovery-and-monitoring.md#error>`__
>   for electionId/setVersion mismatches. 

Reviewer: S: From the spec document, it looks like only one of the new errors is related to electionId/setVersion mismatches, but both are generated when the server description changes to unknown after detecting a new stale primary (if i'm understanding correctly). Also, I'd link to the spec document at the end of the bullet point so you can explain where the link goes - here's a [style guide section](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/links-and-cross-references/#make-link-text-clear) on that.

```suggestion
- Adds two new SDAM error messages for when the server description changes to ``UNKNOWN`` due to a stale primary node. To learn more about these error messages, see the :spec:`Server Discovery and Monitoring </server-discovery-and-monitoring/server-discovery-and-monitoring.md#error>` Specification in GitHub.
```
